this is CBeebies on youtube find even
more fun and games for your child at the
CBeebies website that makes me think of
a poem it's called chocolate cake by
gareth Lancaster are you ready come on
I'm scuffing lots of chocolate cake but
not quite as much as I'd like
and wolfing it down with a whirl of my
spoon and it's flinging up down left and
right it's hitting the walls and
spraying the floor it's covered up
Bessie our cat
there's crumbs in my hair and our
mother's best chair and the windows want
chocolate is flat but faster and faster
a shovel a top not bothered I'm missing
my chops as it drips from my nose and
collects in my ears
dudes drop from my nose and go plop then
too quickly it's gone it just was not
enough as I said at the start of this
Smasher with my greedy delight sloppy
cake on the lights
not one spot found its way past my
lashes
find out when we add new clips and build
a playlist especially for your child by
subscribing for free to the CBeebies
youtube channel